[AUDIO LOGO]
>> I feel very much at home
here with all of these amazing
powerful women because I
actually have 10 sisters,
I have three daughters,
and I have a female dog.
And when I was pregnant
with my third daughter,
I was at the height
of my career.
I worked in AI and machine
learning for programmatic media,
which basically just means that
we built cool technology which
utilized data to optimize
media and marketing campaigns.
And I was feeling
really invincible.
I was married, two little girls
at home, feeling really good.
I was crushing life.
And that's when I actually
physically got crushed.
I was seven months pregnant
when I got crushed by a car.
The pain was so intense that
I kept going into labor.
And when you're pregnant,
doctors don't typically
give you pain medication.
So I had to figure out how to
palliate that pain naturally.
And so what did I do?
I was prescribed six
weeks of bed rest.
And so to get rid of my
pain, for the first few days,
I laid in bed.
And how do you avoid the pain
you're feeling in your body?
By avoiding life, right?
So I watched
probably five seasons
of "The Real Housewives
of Beverly Hills,"
until I realized that
that wasn't really doing
anything for my pain.
So I spent the next 5 and
1/2 weeks driving everybody
around me nuts.
I dove into the
research around how
to palliate pain that's coming
from acute inflammatory reaction
because of the accident.
And I started to text and email
my mom, my husband, my nanny,
anyone in a five-mile
radius recipes
and grocery shopping lists.
Bring me food that's going to
help me reduce inflammation
and reduce my pain.
And so it took a village.
But I got to full
term with my daughter,
and I had an over 9-pound
child, yes, coming out of me.
And when she was born, I had
this new set of information.
And I kept my diet pretty
clean and pretty healthy
for the next several years.
And unfortunately, I had
experienced, about three years
later, a significant loss.
And that significant loss
just propelled me right back
into a chronic inflammatory
condition that caused
a tremendous amount of pain.
I had crushing chest
pain that caused me
to be hospitalized three times.
All of my hair fell out.
I had a fever for 10 weeks.
I couldn't get out of bed.
I was chronically fatigued.
And eventually, the
doctors diagnosed me
with a dual
autoimmune condition.
I couldn't just have one.
I had to have two.
It was called lupus, which is
rheumatoid arthritis and lupus.
But now I have three baby
girls and a career to maintain.
And I couldn't just lay in bed.
So I had to figure out how
to get myself better again.
And I had this baseline
of information.
So I found a functional
medicine doctor
who could take that baseline
amount of information
and help me take it to the next
level and really get me healthy.
So this doctor put me on
the craziest cleanse ever.
It was a three-month
cleanse where
I basically lived off of
protein powders and supplements.
I was taking dozens
of supplements.
And I removed almost every
single food from my diet.
I went nuts not eating.
And then I had to put
all the food back in.
I totally changed my lifestyle.
And at the end of
six months, after I
had reintegrated all of the
food, it cost me a fortune.
It was so stressful.
And I had completely changed
everything in my life.
But I felt really good.
I felt better at 36 after going
through this six-month detox
protocol, crushing inflammation
and crushing the pain
that I was so proud of myself.
I'm like, wow, I did it.
I spent six months
really working so hard.
I was patting
myself on the back.
I'm like, yeah,
Lindsay, you got this.
And then my daughter
at age 3 and 1/2
started to exhibit symptoms of
chronic inflammatory condition.
And parents in the room,
if you can agree with me,
you'll do just about
enough for your own health.
But when it comes
to your children,
you'll literally move
mountains to help them heal.
And I knew that I couldn't put
her through the same arduous,
costly, time-intensive,
stressful protocols
that I had gone through
for my own health.
She's only 3 and 1/2.
So I had to find a better way.
And so I dove into
what I now know
to be culinary medicine, which
is the study of how food impacts
your health.
Food is fuel.
And I signed up for
a program that's
actually specific for
doctors through the Harvard
School of Public Health and the
Culinary Institute of America.
And I got a certificate
in culinary medicine.
And then I did a
wellness coaching program
through ACE Fitness.
And I was able to take what I
had done in my career using data
to optimize
advertising and instead
start to look at bioindividual
data to optimize our health,
for myself and for
my daughter and now
for a bunch of my clients.
So looking at data, good
data in, good output out.
So you want to find the
best, most efficacious data.
So I searched high and low.
And I finally found
a test that looks
at 176 different
foods, additives,
and colorings that
are potentially
causing an inflammatory
reaction in your body.
It's a simple finger prick
test, and it doesn't just
look at IgG sensitivities.
It actually looks at IgA1 and 2
and the complement C3d protein
and for indicators of leaky gut,
which is a major contributing
factor to inflammation.
So I did this test,
and I felt like I
was cheating because
I had just gone
through this six-month
program of removing
every single food from my diet.
And all I had to do is
prick my daughter's finger
and find out exactly
what foods were
causing the inflammatory
reaction for her.
Even healthy foods, like
fruits and vegetables,
were causing
inflammation for her.
So that was much easier.
And what I realized then is that
there's not just food that's
causing inflammation.
There's lots of other
triggers of inflammation.
So there's injury,
illness, and toxins.
So there's toxins everywhere.
There's toxins in our food.
And some people are genetically
predisposed to higher levels
of toxicity.
And of course, we
were genetically
predisposed to higher
levels of toxicity
and therefore inflammation.
So we had to remove seed oils
and sugars and other processed
stuff from our diet.
But at least we had
the information.
We had the data.
And so we were able to
make small changes, not
the big changes that I made
to my life but small changes
so that my daughter, over the
course of time, could heal.
And she got to probably the
10-yard line when she was
around eight this past year.
And I thought to
myself, all right,
well, how do we get
her into the end zone?
And I started looking
into different modalities.
So we tried biofeedback, which
was really helpful for her.
And then we did Reiki
and practice breathwork
and meditation and NLP.
And then I got introduced to
this whole world of biohacking.
And I learned all about
near and infrared light.
And I learned about PMF
and vibroacoustic pulse
and breathwork and all these
cool supplements and quantum
healing and all of this stuff.
And it felt like I was
literally drinking from a fire
hose of information.
I was so overwhelmed
again with, what do I do?
What modalities do I do?
And that was when I
met my lovely friend
and business partner Yeli who
is the founder of Bio Op Life.
And she really helped boil
the ocean of information
for me, for my daughter.
And we got my daughter to
probably the 1-yard line.
And obviously, I'm the
fuel in the business
that Yeli and I are working
in called Wellness Eternal.
And I work on the
culinary medicine
side, bioindividual food
for optimal healing.
Yeli is the energy.
And she really knows
everything there
is to know about biohacking,
bioenergetic technology.
And my daughter is actually
our first employee.
She, through her
healing process,
figured out that she was
identifying as the sick kid
because it was serving her.
It was serving her to
get out of school early,
to come hang out with mommy
all the time, to get treated
like a princess constantly.
And so once she finally let go
of identifying as the sick kid,
she was able to step into
her purpose and her power
at nine years old as the healer.
And she's actually a
level one-certified Reiki
practitioner.
And I'm really so blessed to
have her in my life and my two
other daughters as well.
But what I came here today to
hopefully implore you to do
is to not wait until
you get crushed by a car
or not wait until you have
to take care of a loved one
who might be sick.
You can figure out your
bioindividual needs
and make small changes
because I believe
that small hinges swing the
big door of positive change.
And that's why my company is
called Small Hinges.Health.
You don't have to
change everything--
to change everything.
You just have to take
that first small step.
Thank you so much.
[APPLAUSE]
[AUDIO LOGO]